# PirateIntelligentAgent

For this project, I was given starter code that included the basic structure of the maze and two python classes treasure maze and game experience. Treasure maze was in charge of setting up the maze, the agents actions, the agents actions, and the reward/ penalty system. Game experience stored the past experiences it received from its training. I was tasked with completing a deep Q-learning algorithm to allow the agent to learn how to navigate the maze and find the treasure before the opposing player. I implemented a qtrain function which will train the neural network using its experiences to adjust the agents strategy by exploring and exploiting. This class helped me learn how to solve complex problems with the use of algorithms. Computer Scientists build systems that handle tasks humans can't do or who do not have the capability to handle it. These systems are solved at large scales in a repeated way. This lets us automate decision making, improve efficiency, and learn from our data. My projects problem could represent AI in robots, self driving cars and healthcare because of having the ability to learn from real world experience and adapt is revolutionary. When you approach a problem, as a computer scientist, I need to break it down into smaller tasks. I will identify the prooblem, design a solution, then develop a solution and test it. Part of this process involes thinking about how the solution will interact with the environment and the data it processes. As a computer scientist, my ethical responsibilities are to ensure solutions are built without bias, are fair, are transparent, and secure. This is important because we need to protect user data, ensure privacy, and keep bias out of the decsions it makes. This is because these AI systems process personal data that is sensitive to the users and could get taken advantage of if not carefully dealt with in the early stages of development.
